J.M.K S.F. RapidBATCH 5.1 for 32-Bit Windows
IMPORTANT INFORMATIONS // PROFESSIONAL EDITION
###########################################################


1. WELCOME TO RAPIDBATCH PROFESSIONAL EDITION!

Thank you very much for your order on RapidBATCH 5 Profess-
ional edition.

With RapidBATCH Professional Edition, you have bought a
powerful, flexible and easy to use programming system, that
enables you to program and develop efficient Windows-appli-
cations and software-tools as easy as possible.

The included, fast EXE-compiler allows you now the transfer
of your script-files (.RB) into stand-alone running pro-
gram files (.EXE).
Also, RapidBATCH Professional helps you to find logical
bugs in your scripts more easier by providing an easy to
use script-debugger, that lets you run your scripts step-
by-step and watch or edit variable contents at run-time.

Additionally, RapidBATCH Professional Edition contains the
useful utility "Visual Dialog Desginer", that lets you de-
sign and create individual dialog windows for your scripts
on-line on the screen, using a "What You See Is What You
Get" design-environment. When you finished designing your
dialog, the program can fastly generate the necessary Ra-
pidBATCH script code to view and build the dialog, so that
only the operational code must be implemented to this
generated skeleton script manually.

We hope that RapidBATCH optimally satisfies your require-
ments and range of application. Anyway, if you have any
reviews or any enhancement requests, please let us now!

Thanks for your decision on using RapidBATCH!


2. SUPPORT & HELP

As a customer of the RapidBATCH Professional Edition, you
are getting complete support-assistance, and can also 
occupy our personal e-mail support.

To get help more quickly or to check out, if there is al-
ready a solution for your problem, visit the RapidBATCH
support-forum hostet at scottserver.net under the follow-
ing internet-URL:

	http://www.scottserver.net/forum/viewforum.php?f=36


3. UPDATES

At your order of RapidBATCH Professional Edition, your 
e-Mail address was added to our mailing lists. Over this
mailing-list, you're always get new product- and update-
information on your RapidBATCH 5 Professional license.

Therefore, please let us immediatelly know if your e-Mail
address has changed, else, you are not able to receive any
updates.

If you wish a complete deletion of your mail address from
the customer mailing list, please let us even know this,
too.


4. DELIVERED ICONS

RapidBATCH Professional Edition provides a small collection
of icons that you can freely used within your compiled
scripts. This icon-collection can be found in the \ICONS
sub-directory if you RapidBATCH setup-directory.

As a matter of course, you can also link your self-designed
icons to your compiled RapidBATCH scripts.


5. SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS

RapidBATCH 5.1 has the following system requirements:

  Minimum requirements:
  - Intel Pentium® 200 Mhz CPU or 100% compatible
  - 64 MB RAM
  - Microsoft® Windows® 95 or NT 4.0 operating system
  - Internet-Browser (recommendet: Mozilla Firefox)
    for viewing the Documentation

  Optimal requirements:
  - Intel Pentium® 700 Mhz CPU or 100% compatible
  - 128 MB RAM
  - Microsoft® Windows® 2000 or XP operating system
  - Internet-Browser (recommendet: Mozilla Firefox)
    for viewing the Documentation
  - Internet-access for Support and Updates


--
J.M.K S.F. RapidBATCH v5.1.0 (32-Bit) - Professional Edition
(Professional Edition Final Release -- Sept 03, 2006)
Copyright © 2000-2006 by J.M.K S.F., Jan Max Meyer
